docs: improve nodejs collectCpuTime option description (#3912)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/language-sdks/nodejs.md

| `flushIntervalMs:`            | `PYROSCOPE_FLUSH_INTERVAL_MS`             | Number         | Interval when profiles are sent to the server (Default `60000`)                   |
| `heapSamplingIntervalBytes`   | `PYROSCOPE_HEAP_SAMPLING_INTERVAL_BYTES`  | Number         | Average number of bytes between samples. (Default `524288`)                       |
| `heapStackDepth:`             | `PYROSCOPE_HEAP_STACK_DEPTH`              | Number         | Maximum stack depth for heap samples (Default `64`)                               |
| `wall.SamplingDurationMs:`     | `PYROSCOPE_WALL_SAMPLING_DURATION_MS`     | Number         | Duration of a single wall profile (Default `60000`)                               |
| `wall.SamplingIntervalMicros:` | `PYROSCOPE_WALL_SAMPLING_INTERVAL_MICROS` | Number         | Interval of how often wall samples are collected (Default `10000`                 |

> | `wall.CollectCpuTime:`         | `PYROSCOPE_WALL_COLLECT_CPU_TIME`         | Boolean        | Required for CPU profiling. Enable CPU time collection for wall profiles (Default `false`)                    |

Reviewer: Unsure if this is better:

```suggestion
| `wall.CollectCpuTime:`         | `PYROSCOPE_WALL_COLLECT_CPU_TIME`         | Boolean        | Required for CPU profiling. Enable CPU time collection as part of the wall profiler (Default `false`)                    |
```
